Disable checkpointing, earlystopping and logging with fast_dev_run (#5277)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/trainer.rst

.. note::

    This argument is a bit different from ``limit_train/val/test_batches``. Setting this argument will
    disable tuner, checkpoint callbacks, early stopping callbacks, loggers and logger callbacks like

>     ``LearningRateLogger`` and runs for only 1 epoch. This must be used only for debugging purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``LearningRateLogger`` and runs for only one step during the first epoch. This must be used only for debugging purposes.
```

(line will be too long, do not directly commit from suggestion)

Author: it can run multiple steps during an epoch if you set `fast_dev_run = int( > 1)`. Also it runs for 1 epoch only.
